added new stuff from product update (#405)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: changelog/changelog.mdx

## February 2025

### 2025-02-25

- `UI`: new `project preferences` view in `environments` settings

<Frame caption="environments settings view, 03/2025">
  <img
    src="/images/advanced/environments-settings.png"
    alt="environments settings view"
  />
</Frame>

### 2025-02-18

> - `Agent upgrade`: The identifies a hover interaction and acts accordingly when discovering and generating test cases when you prompt it to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Agent upgrade`: The agent identifies hover interactions and acts accordingly when discovering and generating test cases when you prompt it to
```
